Mc issues (#588)
minio/docs: source/glossary.rst

     A system :term:`topology` that uses more than one server and more than one drive per server to host a MinIO instance.
     MinIO recommends Kubernetes for distributed deployments.

   multipart upload

>      Multipart upload is an :s3-docs:`Amazon S3 function <mpuoverview.html>` that splits a single object into multiple parts for moving from one location to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Multipart upload is a client-initiated :s3-docs:`S3 function <mpuoverview.html>` that splits a single object into multiple parts for moving from one location to another.
```

>      The separate parts upload indepently from one another and then MinIO reconstructs them into the original object.

Reviewer: I feel like we need an actor here:

Spitballing

```suggestion
The client uploads each part independently to MinIO, and MinIO manages reconstructing those received parts into the original object. 
```

Author: Will address in #595

>      MinIO recommends multipart upload for all objects larger than 100 MB.

Reviewer: We might add *why* - we can borrow from the S3 docs here, but basically:

Multipart uploads provide benefits such as improved throughput and resiliency to network errors. Use multipart uploads for objects greater than 100MB in actual or estimated size for best results.

Author: Will address in #595
